
>>>>> 1.6.4
second: acquiring lock on a
first: acquiring lock on a
second: acquiring lock on b
second: releasing lock on a
second: releasing lock on b
sum: 0
first: acquiring lock on b
first: releasing lock on a
first: releasing lock on b
sum: 0

>>>>> 1.7.6
second: acquiring lock on a
first: acquiring lock on a
second: acquiring lock on b
second: releasing lock on a
second: releasing lock on b
sum: 0
first: acquiring lock on b
first: releasing lock on a
first: releasing lock on b
sum: 0

>>>>> 1.8.7
second: acquiring lock on a
first: acquiring lock on a
second: acquiring lock on b
second: releasing lock on a
second: releasing lock on b
sum: 0
first: acquiring lock on b
first: releasing lock on a
first: releasing lock on b
sum: 0

>>>>> 1.9.7
second: acquiring lock on a
first: acquiring lock on a
second: acquiring lock on b
second: releasing lock on a
second: releasing lock on b
sum: 0
first: acquiring lock on b
first: releasing lock on a
first: releasing lock on b
sum: 0

>>>>> 1.10.4
first: acquiring lock on a
second: acquiring lock on a
first: acquiring lock on b
first: releasing lock on a
first: releasing lock on b
sum: 0
second: acquiring lock on b
second: releasing lock on a
second: releasing lock on b
sum: 0

>>>>> 1.11.1
second: acquiring lock on a
first: acquiring lock on a
second: acquiring lock on b
second: releasing lock on a
second: releasing lock on b
sum: 0
first: acquiring lock on b
first: releasing lock on a
first: releasing lock on b
sum: 0
